Provide initial version of architecture and API documentation (#45)
eclipsesource/graphical-lsp-website: content/documentation/_index/content.md

+++
fragment = "content"
weight = 100
title = "Documentation"
[sidebar]
  sticky = true
+++
<span style='display:block; text-align: center;'>

> We are continuously improving our documentation, in case you miss something, please [contact us]({{< relref  "/contact" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the GLSP documentation! This documentation gives an overview of the architecture of GLSP and covers several specific concepts and features. Please use the index on the left to navigate through the documentation pages. We are continuously improving our documentation, in case you miss something, please [contact us]({{< relref  "/contact" >}}).
```

</span>

<span style='display:block; text-align: center;'>

> Technical documentation can also be found on the [GLSP GitHub](https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on building and running GLSP, please visit the [GLSP GitHub page](https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp) and check out our [examples repository](https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-examples).
```

</span>

<span style='display:block; text-align: center;'>

> See [here for the available support options]({{< relref  "/support" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need more help, please have a look at our [available support options]({{< relref  "/support" >}}).
```
